>> Steve Kinney: All right, so
they go over into this, well,
named file called standard library.
There's a few things happening,
there are some basic functions
that I've put in place.
And I'll talk a little bit about
this helper up here as well.
But we've got the ability to add,
subtract, multiply,
divide, modulo, and console log,
cuz that could be helpful.
We're not gonna be able to use it just
yet, but we can put in constants that
are available like pi or
anything else that you want, right?
You can add as many things to
this object as you would like.
And we will add a few things
over the course of the day.
All these orders is it takes a list,
right?
So remember we had that
first the function name, and
then we had like a whole
series of arguments.
It basically takes two of them at a time
and runs them through the function, right?
And so this allows us to say add one, two,
three, four, five, six, seven, and they'll
first take one and two and add them
together, then that three, the resulted.
And the other three and add them together,
then the six, and the four, so on and so
forth, right?
And we'll go ahead and
just like run through the entire
series of arguments, right?
You could not do this if you
just want to have it take two,
like where there's gonna be things where
we only care about two like when we want
to be able to eventually define variables.
Like I couldn't come up with like,
as the language designer in this case,
I couldn't come up with a reason
why I would say define x and
give a random series of things, right?
But you could, right?
You're in charge of your language,
I'm in charge of my language,
you don't tell me what to do,
I don't tell you what to do.
So this is our standard library and
then we've got our evaluate.
>> Steve Kinney: Know up, okay,
that we're eventually going
to need to implement as well.
So we know that there's a really
effectively like two things that we
need to worry about which is our
expressions and our actual values.
We know when we get to an actual
value like we're done.
And we know our expression,
we actually have to call it.
So let's just start with the base case of,
I got a two,
a two has a value to it, right?
Like we're done there.